32341 text wrap (#32728)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/text-wrap-style/index.md

The value you choose, for `text-wrap-style`, depends on how many lines of text you anticipate styling, whether the text is `contenteditable`, and whether you need to prioritize appearance or performance.

When the styled content will be limited to a short number of lines, such as headings, captions, and blockquotes, `text-wrap-style: balance` can be added to balance the number of characters on each line, enhancing layout quality and legibility. As browsers limit the number of lines impacted by this property, this value's impact on performance is negligible.

For longer sections of text, `text-wrap-style: pretty` can be used. Note that `pretty` has a negative effect on performance, so it should be only used for longer blocks of text when the layout is more important than speed.

The `stable` value improves user experience when used on content that is [`contenteditable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/contenteditable). This value ensures that, as the user is editing text, the previous lines in the area being edited remain stable.

## Formal definition

{{CSSInfo}}

## Formal syntax

{{CSSSyntax}}

## Examples

### Balanced text

> This example has 2 paragraphs, the first is the default `auto` and the second is `balanced`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example has two paragraphs, the first is the default `auto` and the second is `balance`.
```
